NETWORK MAP MESH STRUCTURE

SERVER
	RETRANSMIT NODES
		TRANSMIT ONLY NODES (BATTERY Only Devices)
		
The server will maintain and manage the network map.  Each node will hold the network map in EEPROM and will use it
to decide which node to use for retransmission.  It will first attempt to send to its the first node in EEPROM, then
it will work down the list requesting retransmits to the server.  By default, all data will be directed from satellite
nodes to the server node.  We will however state a destination node, as it will be possible that the server is making 
a request to a satellite.

EEPROM STORAGE
The address of the server will be stored first, with all satellite nodes that are capable of retransmitting comming
next.  The data structure of the MAP will be as follows:

| 1 Byte - Type of node	| 1 Byte Transmission Quality | 5 Bytes - Address of Node |	

TYPE
There will be 3 types of nodes:
0x01 - Servers
0x02 - Retransmit Nodes
0x03 - Simple Nodes - No Retransmit Capability

//This is theoretical, may not be implemented
TRANSMISSION QUALITY
The Transmission quality will be a value which is maintained by the node and reflects how often it is successfully able
to transmit data through that node.  Over the first transmissions done by a node, it will rank the nodes that it has the
most success transmitting through, and will require the EEPROM to reflect that.  Once there have been 5 nodes sorted to
the front of the EEPROM, the node will no longer resort them. After each transmission, the node will continue used the same
6 nodes to transmit data through.
//This may not be implemented

INITIALIZATION
When initially setup, the node will be given a default address.  When the server receives a transmission from the default
address, it will send out an Address Change transmission back, assigning that node a new address.  It will then send a map
change transmission to all nodes and will have the network map updated and propogated to all nodes.

MAP MAINTENANCE
The network map will be stored in a database on the server and managed by the server software.
