NRF TRANSMITTED DATA STRUCTURE

OVERALL DATA STRUCTURE
	Transmission part		Components			Description
	Header				Transmission Type		This will describe to the node what to do and how to interpret the incoming data
					From Node			This will be the address of the transmitting node
					Length of Message		This will be the length of the message. If greater than 255 the next byte will also be part of this section
	Body				Various				This will contain all the data associated with the type of transission being done.  This will vary greatly and is described in later sections.

FORMAT OF THE SECTIONS	

Header		
 Transmission Type		1 Byte
	Standard Messages
	Byte Value		Type of Message Incoming	Description
	0x01			Read Request			This means that the server is requesting the status data of a given Node
	0x02			Status Update			The status of all attached input devices of a given node
	0x03			Update Output settings		The server is making a request to change the output of an output device
	0x0F			Pass Through Request		If contacting the initial node was unsuccessful, a passthrough request will be made
	
	EEPROM Update Requests
	0xFE			Update node address			This request has the receiving node update their address in the EEPROM. Typically it will be used upon initial setup, though there may be times to change the network map and addresses may be changed.
	0xFD			Update Map					This request has the receiving node update the network map in the EEPROM.  This will happen when initializing the node and whenever a new retransmit node has been added.

 From Node			5 Bytes				The 40 bit address of the sending node

 Length of Message						Variable length, depending on data being sent
								This will be a series of bytes uint8_t added together which will contain the number of bytes that will be transmitted in the Body of the message.
						
BODY of the TRANSMISSION

    Status update
	Type of Request		Description
	
	Read Request		The body of a read request will not contain any data. A read request will only trigger the node to send a Status Update back to the server
	
	Status Update		The status update will step through all the types of data that can be read by the node. These are:			
		INPUT DATA
		Byte Value	Length of Message (Bytes)	Type of data being sent		Description
		0x01		2				Temperatures
		0x02		2				Pressure
		0x03		1 & 1+ 				Switches 			1/0 inputs. The first byte will determine how many switches there are, the second and following will contain the sqitch status.
		
		OUTPUT DATA
		Byte Value	Length of Message (Bytes)	Type of data being sent		Description										
		0xFE		1 & 1+				Switches			1/0 outputs. The first byte will determine how many switches there are, the second and following will contain the sqitch status.
		0xFD		1				PWM outputs			Values between 0-255 to activate PWM pins
    	
	Update Output Settings (From Server)
		Formatting same as above, only output data is included.  The receiving node will update its outputs.		
	
	Pass Through Request
		To Address	5 Bytes				The Address of the intended recipient node.
		Following will be the entire message including the Header and Data sections of the original intended message.
